Update 26.1 (#272)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: eud-for-devexpress-reports/reporting-for-web/document-viewer/viewing-and-navigating/keyboard-shortcuts.md

| Move to the next control inside the tab | <kbd>Tab</kbd> |
| Move to the previous control inside the tab | <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> |
| Search a document for the specified text | <kbd>Enter</kbd> |
| Navigate to the next search result | <kbd>Down Arrow</kbd> |
| Navigate to the previous search result | <kbd>Up Arrow</kbd> |
| Highlight the matching text in the document | <kbd>Enter</kbd> |
| Exit the search result list | <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> |
| Move to the browser toolbar from the last editor | <kbd>Tab</kbd> |
| Move to the Tab Panel from the first editor | <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> |

> [!NOTE]
> When navigating search results, the Search Tab remains focused.

### Document Map Tab

| Action | Shortcut Key |
|---|---|
| Expand the document's bookmark tree | <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Right Arrow</kbd> |
| Collapse the document's bookmark tree | <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Left Arrow</kbd> |
| Open the document page that contains the bookmark and highlight the bookmark | <kbd>Enter</kbd> |
| Move to the browser toolbar from the last editor | <kbd>Tab</kbd> |
| Exit the Document Map Tab and move to the Tab Panel | <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> |

> [!NOTE]

> > When navigating bookmarks, the Document Map Tab remains focused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you navigate bookmarks, the Document Map Tab remains focused.
```
